=== ABOUT ANTONIA POLYGON ===

Antonia is an original Poser figure by Olaf Delgado-Friedrichs
(Antonia.Polygon@gmail.com or odf at renderosity.com) with
contributions from phantom3D, MikeJ and others.

Antonia was created using Wings3D, Blender, Poser and DAZ Studio, as
well as a number of home-made software tools. As of October 2008, the
development of the figure has been documented and discussed in the
Poser forum at Renderosity (http://www.renderosity.com), and the
project owes a lot to the continuing feedback and support of the
Renderosity community.

Please note that Antonia is not a commercial figure and has been
developed over several years on the various contributors' spare time.
Because of this, you may not find everything you'd expect from a
full-fledged Poser figure.

While Antonia itself is provided free of charge with very liberal
licensing, this is not necessarily true for related content. In
particular, the creation of commercial packages based on or related
to Antonia is explicitly encouraged. Please also be aware that the
texture maps included in this version are provided under a separate
license and can not be redistributed as part of commercial products or
freebies; see ToniPolygonReadMe.txt for details.

Obviously, if you use Antonia for any published or commercial work, I
would love to hear about it. If you redistribute Antonia or any
derivative work, you must, according to the license (see below),
acknowledge me as the original creator of the figure, but you do not
have to ask for my permission.

For further information and upcoming additional content, visit
http://sites.google.com/site/antoniapolygon.


=== ABOUT THIS RELEASE (VERSION 1.3.0) ===

This is the third stable release of Antonia Polygon with some small
but significant modifications from the previous version 1.2.
Specifically, the eyes have been remodeled, the breast and hip
geometries modified, and the separate brows and toe caps removed.
The jaw, tongue and thigh joints have been modified and weight-mapped,
and the settings for the chest joint have also been changed.

Antonia 1.3 has some new and some improved expression morphs and new
hybrid FireFly/SuperFly materials based on the Toni Polygon texture
by SaintFox and Digital-Lion (see ToniPolygonReadMe.txt).

Most of the content available for previous versions of Antonia will
not work without upgrading. Please be on the lookout for items made
specifically for Antonia 1.3.

The development of the figure is ongoing, and Antonia 1.3 is meant as
a stepping stone for things to come. Future versions may well be
incompatible with the present one. If you are looking for something
more stable, Antonia may not be the right choice for you.


=== LICENSING ===

This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
Unported License. To view a copy of this license, visit
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ or send a letter to
Creative Commons, 171 Second Street, Suite 300, San Francisco,
California, 94105, USA.


=== WHAT THE LICENSE MEANS ===

(DISCLAIMER: The following is not a license and has no legal
implications.  It is simply a human-readable expression of the
key-terms of the license.  It is based on the license deed as provided
by Creative Commons under the URL
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0, with a modification in the
last sentence.)

You are free:

    * to Share — to copy, distribute and transmit the work
    * to Remix — to adapt the work

Under the following conditions:

    * Attribution — You must attribute the work in the manner
      specified by the author or licensor (but not in any way that
      suggests that they endorse you or your use of the work).

With the understanding that:

    * Waiver — Any of the above conditions can be waived if you get
      permission from the copyright holder.
    * Other Rights — In no way are any of the following rights
      affected by the license:
          o Your fair dealing or fair use rights;
          o The author's moral rights;
          o Rights other persons may have either in the work itself or
            in how the work is used, such as publicity or privacy
            rights.
    * Notice — For any reuse or distribution, you must make clear to
      others the license terms of this work. The best way to do this
      is by including a copy of this file or a link to Antonia's
      homepage at http://sites.google.com/site/antoniapolygon/.
